Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Ateeq Dean: Good morning. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so what's today like for you kind of bring me up to speed.
Ateeq Dean: Of light just woke up so
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I'm not used to talking to you guys. So there we go. So I guess it was good. I had a good day to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait. Normally, you're done at seven. So what do you mean by way
Ateeq Dean: I got the day off last night. They gave me the night off.
Ateeq Dean: Last night off from work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want that.
Ateeq Dean: I asked for it because I remember I was telling you yesterday was my birthday.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, they were called they gave it to me. They can't take it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I like it. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get to feel special.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I did. Okay.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to open up a note here we've got good audio good visual you hearing me and seeing me. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so bring me up to speed on how you're doing sort of on an emotional level physical how sleep.
Ateeq Dean: As of right now my levels pretty steady
Ateeq Dean: Okay, yeah, I'm not feeling Mad, sad, a more lap your site today.
Ateeq Dean: Sleep wise I slept pretty decent.
Ateeq Dean: sleep last night. I'm not used to sleep in the night. So, you know, I stopped all asleep. Last night, I think I fell asleep around two o'clock in the morning. Okay. And I woke up at 755
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your eating.
Ateeq Dean: My eating it is
Ateeq Dean: OK. Okay. I eat.
Ateeq Dean: You say, I noticed he wants.
Ateeq Dean: 24 hour period. Yes, my appetite thing is still
Ateeq Dean: You know, still my girlfriend made steaks, you may trim for my birthday. I didn't really, I only took one bite of that and you know I told her I would save it for today.
Ateeq Dean: And previous before she made me something I stopped at Sonic and got me a crony so I was able to eat the county, you know, the. That's all I really agents tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's a coney is that our carbohydrate.
Ateeq Dean: Know coney is a hot dog and a bond with the
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Ateeq Dean: She was like, I made a beautiful steak with shrimp and me know she made me a nice meal and all that. And you know, I got a little angry and I stopped over there, got me a little song I didn't always you know she wasn't making
Ateeq Dean: Something to surprise me.
Ateeq Dean: And I didn't really have much of an appetite.
So that's how I was just out
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, um, how many days. Have you been at the 575 milligram
Ateeq Dean: I started last week.
Ateeq Dean: Last Monday. Okay.
Last Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: February 24
Gwenevere Abriel: To 24 okay so that feel like back to your new optimum right here.
Ateeq Dean: It goes this because he changed the milligrams before they would a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: With the
Ateeq Dean: Ticket was eight milligrams of
Ateeq Dean: buprenorphine and to milligram loxton
Ateeq Dean: It's down by half. So now this trip I get 34 milligrams buprenorphine and then one milligram and
Right.
Ateeq Dean: Now, the thing I noticed about the stresses that
Ateeq Dean: They seem lot bigger than the ones I was taking for
Gwenevere Abriel: That's odd.
Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: Other ones were hidden right away like 30 minutes I could tell like you know I'm starting to feel better. This one takes a lot longer sometimes up to two hours for me to feel any difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did the brand change.
Ateeq Dean: I never noticed the brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would recommend you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to it.
Ateeq Dean: Tonight, look at what Brenda says
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'll make a note of it. Sure.
Ateeq Dean: This one says, Dr. Ready on it. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have any of your strengths from before. And remember them saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Suboxone
Ateeq Dean: And other ones. The eight milligram ones that the ones. The other one said, I don't have any more of those. But that's what he said.
Gwenevere Abriel: He changed friend.
Ateeq Dean: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's going to be an adjustment, my recommendation for everyone is it's complicated, but stick with one. So you talk to pharmacy and you say, I'm probably going to be using these for the next few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you guys if you have like regulars coming in for this particular medication. Do you tend to stick with the same one because it's very likely. I'm going to be continuing to need this particular brand because they do very
Gwenevere Abriel: This is anecdotal from you guys. They vary in potency between brands.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I if I were you, I'd be advocating with my pharmacist and saying, since that's been the experience and they'll, they'll disagree with you. They'll say, Okay, that's not true. But don't you don't have to get into a debate with them. You just get into a discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have to debate with anyone. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know my doctor wants me to stick with a particular brand. Is there any challenges with keeping this particular doctor ready ground coming in. Do you think that these orders are the ones will be using for these formula groundstrokes
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll probably say yes far as I know, and then you started that conversation so that later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have to have a conversation with that pharmacists, oh you changed it to
Gwenevere Abriel: This other stuff.
I'm waiting for the word to show up in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: No gonna show player. Anyway, there's a few of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can change this one to that one to this one to that one. So you really want me
Ateeq Dean: I know it's a big things from the eight and
Ateeq Dean: Now you see why I'm saying, No, I understand. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to stick because you're going to normalize to to Dr. Reddy
Gwenevere Abriel: Potency you're going to normalize to it. Then they switch it
Gwenevere Abriel: Normalized to that and this notion of tapering is going to feel like this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to go up and never even went up. So that's not what we want for you, especially for you because you present with
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr calls it sticky receptors. I might say, you know, low tolerance for some of the withdrawal symptoms. So I want you to feel good for like for a couple weeks or a week and a half, at least before you take for again which to feel good and not be going up and down. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: No, my appetite spin really bad.
Ateeq Dean: I he wants a day. I try to eat once a day if I cannot eat. I don't eat, you know,
Ateeq Dean: There's
Ateeq Dean: No appetite really
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, are you losing weight. Do you think I don't
Ateeq Dean: Drink lot of sodas. Not a whole lot. I put down the sodas, but I still drink soda and water.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've already calories in
Gwenevere Abriel: Calories on it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all right, let me just make a little note. Today's three 520 and your original target Dole was you'd be at point five milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Everywhere is six sixth
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me. Yeah, so your original plan. I'll just show it to you so you don't
get confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was the original plan that was set up probably in October. So we've changed it because you're going down to half a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: But just noticed that it's slowing down quite a bit your original plan was on February 6 to be at point five actually January 23 to be a point five. So it's slowed way down. Okay, so today, you're at 5.75 milligrams. So persevere, you know, because you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get you down. I'd like to understand more about what's going on with this appetite, but I'm just wondering if it really has to do with all that sugar and it's been something you wanted to do was cut down on the sugar but you seem to maybe be
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, how much reduction is there in sugar from those sodas.
Ateeq Dean: Well, I remember
Ateeq Dean: I used to drink cold months ago, I should drink a two liter.
Ateeq Dean: Of Pepsi or Dr. Pepper and
Ateeq Dean: A lot of soda drink like a six pack of sodas.
Ateeq Dean: And I've cut it down now a two liter bottle of action asked me two days. So I read. It's a big difference from drinking a two liter. A DAY. OKAY, SO two days and I still have some we have bought a two liter two days built that I still have half of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go a goal for you. We're going to review it got three of them here. I want to go to the gym, three times a week. How you doing on that for your, your goal.
Ateeq Dean: I haven't done that at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you have a membership.
Ateeq Dean: No, but there's a place out here that it's the community center. And it's from. I used to go there to the community center.
Gwenevere Abriel: Funny things getting in the way you're doing that.
Ateeq Dean: Me being lazy well
Gwenevere Abriel: Lacey's an interesting thing. You guys call yourselves lazy. But there's usually something else going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lazy is a judgment about I'm going to choose to sit here, but I don't think it's that simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working you're working hard. We have a newborn, you have this activity, baby. So I'm not quite seeing lazy, tell me why you call yourself lazy.
Ateeq Dean: Because it goes to my head like I should I have time to go to the gym right now. But then I'll just be sitting here on the couch and not doing it. These are watching TV.
Ateeq Dean: I get to a point where my, my mind is up and then my body feels exhausted or then it changes my body is tired reminds tired or my body is awakened word. So it's the flops on
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you don't know is that if you actually exercise, you might feel better. And it's, it's actually getting started that for most people is the problem. Once you're actually driving you're unlikely to stop, turn around and go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're unlikely. Once you already have your gym clothes on already have your attendees on to stop and plop down on the couch. It's about
Gwenevere Abriel: Going in getting those gym clothes on getting the bag ready. That's typically where the biggest challenges is getting good
just getting started.
Gwenevere Abriel: So getting it in your mind that you're never going to feel like it might be helpful. You're not going to your mind and body are not going to want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Important you've set this goal. You've had this goal here for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember why you want it.
Ateeq Dean: I just want to feel good in life I you know I see a lot of not even old people anymore I you know I told you I work in a nursing facility. I see a bunch of young people like me.
Ateeq Dean: That are bed bound, they can't even get out of bed and you know I just be, you know,
Ateeq Dean: I just want to take that for granted. I can get out of bed. I can go to the bathroom I brush my teeth. I can, you know, even the little things that I do.
Ateeq Dean: You know, I try not to take for granted. I see these young people that are even younger than me. They could never get all they're just stuck in their bed.
Ateeq Dean: Their life, you know, and it just makes you
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes you think
Ateeq Dean: Makes me think that, uh, you know, just appreciate the life that you were given because I'm on borrowed time right we all are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Ateeq Dean: Like we're all space dust, we go back
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's right.
Ateeq Dean: Do you know this is a human experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's cool to hear you share some of your philosophical beliefs, you tend to be pretty timid about that I really invite those kind of discussions, I have no problem, hearing, hearing that. Okay, you're not. I'm not your parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah i'm i'm open
Gwenevere Abriel: What's working for people
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but let's take that if I'm space dust. Well then, why do I bother. If I'm just going to turn into dust. Again, what do you answer to that.
Ateeq Dean: My answer to that as
Ateeq Dean: Well, okay. I just know becoming a human being, being born into the world is like hitting the lottery 10 times in a row, so the chances of me warming from spaced us to having a human experience is really, really here.
Ateeq Dean: And a lot of people they don't understand that, you know, I didn't understand either that, you know, me being born into the world was already hitting delivery and already having everything
Ateeq Dean: I just learned this time and I'm starting to see that is true.
You know,
Different ways
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are your actions contradictory to that.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, I just want to enjoy the experience
Ateeq Dean: Want to enjoy it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting on the couch is what
Enjoy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is enjoying it in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that is is it's it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Immediate Gratification. It is a lot easier to just stay put the body doesn't actually like that. So it wants you in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have those legs for a reason. You have joints for a reason. It doesn't actually want you plopping down. It wants you in motion. We do need to rest. That's where all of our repair happens when we're resting rest is super important.
Gwenevere Abriel: But exercise. Let's just take exercise for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: At age 30. And you're how old
Ateeq Dean: I turned 36 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: At age 30 our brain starts shrinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain size.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least the hippocampus, where we store memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exercise promotes this. It's called the brain derived neurotrophic factor. It's a protein that promotes brain growth exercise is what does it three times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So short term gain is
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel good. I'm going to stay put. But you are not promoting the potential of your brain. But if you say, well, long term happiness might be
Gwenevere Abriel: If I post calm short term comfort staying on the couch, so that I can invest in long term health and happiness, but it does mean but you you're looking too far ahead. All you have to do is as soon as you remember this conversation just picture a little brain getting smaller.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we got to get motivated by something like my brain is drinking my brain is thinking on this couch. Okay, so let's say that one works and you pop up. You're like, Dang, all you have to do is walk to your closet and get your tennis shoes. That's all you have to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You overthink it. You're already thinking how much effort, it's going to be. You don't walking you we haven't have no problem. If the baby was crying going up and getting her so it's just the second thing is you got you got four seconds. Soon as you have the thought. Remember that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I have time, you get up, you go put the shoes on.
Gwenevere Abriel: The likelihood that you're going to keep moving and head to the community center goes up exponentially.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's like, well, now all the next step is just need to get the shorts find my keys bring a water bottle in a towel and you're already in motion. So the likelihood that you're going to follow through with that goes up much higher
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think would motivate you.
Ateeq Dean: Know doesn't motivating right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: A shrinking rain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Motivating I thought it might
Ateeq Dean: Change into and that's a lot of motivation. I don't like the wintertime, the weather's been changed. We're about to change that we're here. So it's going to go in our head next Sunday. So right now it's a something like 830 it'd be 930 after Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you looking forward to that or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have more daylight.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I hate the way because by time. I wake up, it's dark by time I come home, it's still dark, you know, by time I sleep. I miss out on all the daylight.
Ateeq Dean: Pretty much. So now I noticed you know back here you can see the light and all that. So it is getting a lot brighter. So that's what we're going to do that. Daylight Savings day but it's gonna be a lot better. And that's how I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that will support some progress for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, you got a couple of goals here you've got, we've done this one actually
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them, everyone has this one which is identify how spirituality affects your recovery. How often do you use your spiritual right universal law. How often do you visit that on a weekly, daily monthly basis.
Ateeq Dean: I've been visiting get more and more
Ateeq Dean: Leverage
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me end. What's the thing. How do you connect it to your recovery.
Ateeq Dean: I connect to my curry by you know even what I'm thinking right now. I know that it's a lot weaker than the other ones that I know you know like
Ateeq Dean: It, you know, the way I've been feeling pretty shitty. I'm gonna lie. I've been feeling really funny. But at the same time, I know that.
Ateeq Dean: It's not going to be like this forever. I'm going to pass this I'm going to get past this by taking small baby steps.
Ateeq Dean: And how I connected is like the weather's changing it will go out there, get some sunlight, because I've been getting the hot spots you know about it cold. It's not supposed to be nice in here.
Ateeq Dean: But I'm cold and drenching hard. You know, when I get like that I go outside, right, man. You know, I'll take a shower. That seems to help me a lot to
Gwenevere Abriel: That feels spiritual that feels like your connection spirituality. Do your recovery.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, because, like, well, it's definitely doing the action part of it, but the spiritual part of it is me, just the spiritual beliefs. I have in my head. Like I have, you know, they that I'll get through, see.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, I was telling me to go to the casino again for spending a lot of money there I I stopped going after, you know, after all that I haven't been going, you know, yesterday was my birthday went through my head. It took me to that reptilian place to where the good times are
Ateeq Dean: And I didn't like we got myself out of there.
Ateeq Dean: I told my girlfriend about it. I talked to her about it, you know. And she's like, Yeah, no, I'm glad you told me we have a global built together you know she's wanting to go with me to but you know I got myself out there and
Ateeq Dean: Just things like that, you know, spiritually, I know just looking more into that type of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will say that the way you phrase it
Is bad
Gwenevere Abriel: T. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only has to do with when I can hear is, you are thinking about the future. I'll get through this. The part I can't quite here yet. I guess I really want to know the thought that represents faith. I'll give you an example of somebody else's I'm making this up.
Gwenevere Abriel: This question that I asked you what's your connection between your spiritual faith and your long term recovery and you talked about some things. But what I didn't hear something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember I don't have control over everything. And all I need to do is control this next moment, and then I let go and let God can hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's someone else's. In fact, I made that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can really hear the faith. You can see here the faith in it. Right. I let go and let God that's
Gwenevere Abriel: A leap of faith. I stopped controlling I stopped having to know everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make everyone put things where they're supposed to go say the right things. They gotta love me, gotta give me what I want. I let go of control. That's someone who can really precisely get ahold of right at the moment where they go like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta let go of the need to control this moment, relax into it and just have faith that's someone who can really articulate it
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no no of course I you just said what I do something bad. No, of course not.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just someone who really wants to hear the piece about I want to enter your mind. I want to understand how you talk to yourself when it comes to that space of faith, I wouldn't know how that inner voice sounds. That's all.
Ateeq Dean: Quiet. I'm not used to waking up. I'm used to being up already. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. These are sitting. You're talking about philosophy at eight in the morning. This is hard to do.
Ateeq Dean: No, I'm understanding what you're saying. I am so the way I get my spiritual faith is one of the stories I've heard when I was growing up as a kid was the story about David Goliath that big.
Ateeq Dean: You know, Tyrion guy and you know a little guide that hit him with a walk at the longer that story with the people I had. And you know, I started thinking, you know,
Ateeq Dean: People you know that time. We're always talking about a big nobody take them out and then just like hit them with the rock and you know that that was old story or to my friend and but
Ateeq Dean: But the way I feel about that. What brings my spirituality and my pay a little bit to connect the dots as that I feel like everybody
Ateeq Dean: Faces their own David's in their lives, you know, whether it's loss of somebody you know broken heart an addiction, something like that, is there, David, and you know we conquered that you know
Ateeq Dean: Didn't that's what goes to my mind sometimes don't so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I get, if I'm hearing you correctly, a teak you think to yourself, I too am facing Goliath. It is my addiction. And so where is your strength coming from, how do you find it. How do you match it as this little guy. What do you do
Ateeq Dean: You have faith and people believe in yourself that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Finished that
Ateeq Dean: You have faith in yourself that you're doing a conquer Sir David whether you know to loss of someone or in addiction. You just gotta believe in yourself and move forward, even in baby steps.
Ateeq Dean: You know, we all think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I get it now.
Ateeq Dean: Mini goal is
Gwenevere Abriel: To hold on to that I want to hear you apply it to getting your tennis shoes on. See if you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you take that philosophy and apply it to conquering physical health. So just see if you can do it. How do you take that philosophy and get your Toshi over that closet with those techniques on how do you do it, how do you take faith in, get in tennis shoes.
Ateeq Dean: Will get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear the inner voice I take
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not gonna want to do it.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, you
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I guess you would have to have faith into putting on the tennis shoes to getting to the closet to get your stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Face and what what's the value, what's the point. What's the purpose, why bother. How do you answer yourself with that.
Ateeq Dean: Well, if I don't put on my shoes.
Ateeq Dean: Then I'm probably not gonna put my socks and then I'm probably gonna probably shorts or my shirt and then I'm just gonna be naked in my little problem in here, and I'm not going to get ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to come out and
Ateeq Dean: You know, like another time where I had to use my face was when I was going to school.
Ateeq Dean: Middle School. And that was a bad time because I got bullied in and it was by a group of people. And it was a place I did not want to go.
Ateeq Dean: And it came to the point where my mom and Apple going to court. They were getting in trouble because I wasn't attending school I try every excuse in the book to not go
Ateeq Dean: And the faith of that part was, you know, you just got to get through it. You just got it go, you know, even we talked to counselors and stuff like that. There, you know, but
Ateeq Dean: It came to a point where I had to fight back.
Ateeq Dean: And it wasn't just one person I was buying like four or five guys just stand there and these are kids. God didn't even make the high school, they should have been sophomores.
Ateeq Dean: Low so they stayed back eighth grade, seventh grade, you know that I just remember like just going passing these guys every day and constantly getting name called and rocks don't
Ateeq Dean: You know what I'm going to try to come find me right away. And that was something I had to go through every day and I just remember lighting at one point, you know, it took me to getting suspended to getting out of school.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry that happened I hit that people are bullied. I know a lot of people much attention on
Ateeq Dean: A place where I had to use my pay to, you know, to get through something like that. So it was a lot deeper than. So when you know i you know like the shoe thing. Like it doesn't click to me like I'm a cutaway but I can use something like that, you know,
Ateeq Dean: So if the dances like
Ateeq Dean: Those were my David's I had to fly it but at that point alive. You know, I didn't, you know, because I knew at that time. I didn't know
Ateeq Dean: That one day I would be 36 years old with my own baby, my own life. I was stuck in that moment where there was five other teenagers older than me, bigger than me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I still haven't heard the voice inside what
Gwenevere Abriel: I know the story, the story I may be small, like David. I want to hear the voice what you told yourself at made it okay for you to go to that school and stand up for yourself. What did you say to yourself a teak
Ateeq Dean: I hate this shit.
Ateeq Dean: I hate this. It
Ateeq Dean: Took me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well maybe that's it. Let's see where that takes us at least, that sounds really honest and you're not trying to tiptoe around so I hate this shit. What's the shit. What's the actual not being able to walk through the classroom pretending like a
Ateeq Dean: Courtyard the school.
Ateeq Dean: Um, I hate the ship, because I never did anything wrong to anybody.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah. Why am I having to face these assholes that are picking on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a deal. Yeah, there we go, Why me, why me there. Now go to face. How does face answer you.
Ateeq Dean: I just remember my adrenaline running data for me by giving me a bunch of totally
Ateeq Dean: Honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll put it over here. This is a pretty important concept. And the reason why I'm being so picky about it is the inner voice our ability to have that inner voice and really know that it's going on conserve
Gwenevere Abriel: In a lot of different ways. I'm so I keep trying to hear what your inner voice sounds like. And I heard a little bit around the gambling. Yeah, but so I could hear that one, but I'm having a little difficulty with
Gwenevere Abriel: The middle schooler if I'm you. I don't know if this was happening to you, but I might have been thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is wait let me finish. It is not for me to know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is faith. It is for me to recognize this ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unacceptable. I can't live like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to stand my ground. I have no idea if I'm going to survive it, and be enough by feet five people that's faith. But see how you can hear how I'm talking to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear how I can't hear your voice inside your head, put a pin in that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to talk about going to the gym, you and I are not talking about being naked in an apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying to tell you that once the momentum starts. That's a different topic that was once the momentum starts to get the shoes on, it's likely you'll make it to the gym but this has to do with exercise fatigue. So hold on go nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: This morning, my alarm went off at 540
Gwenevere Abriel: I did not get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, that's not true. How did it go 511. No, it was at 411 I woke up before the alarm. And I was like, Oh, I can sleep for another hour
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, Oh, these, these exercises to try and go back to sleep. And I couldn't inside my mind decided to run through every single client that I have
Gwenevere Abriel: And see how they're all doing you know in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: This claim what might I talked with them about it did its job. It was
It was on
Gwenevere Abriel: On there was no going back to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and then I was kind of tired by the time the alarm went off and I didn't want to get up. I didn't want to exercise. I don't want to sign my notes. I just want to lay in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I did instead was start to do some stretching
Gwenevere Abriel: I did Child's Pose, which in bed is if you know yoga, but it's your arms around, you're basically on your knees and I started doing that and that felt good. I felt good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I did Cat Pose. Or I was on my old for and all of a sudden, I'm kind of up a little bit like I'm on my hands and knees. I'm up and I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, just throw the covers off. Let's do the curse off I NEEDED YOUR use the restroom. Well, I'm already up. I saw my tennis shoes. As I was walking by.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I grabbed him I drag them into the bathroom with my well they're already here. I'll put them on.
Ateeq Dean: No. Okay, yeah, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't analyze it didn't analyze it. I just that. Next thing, just the next thing. The next thing. The next thing. The next thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and on top of that, not only in the moment. Was I doing things, but I was also using my belief system. My spiritual belief which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. I'm 50 yeah I need to exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I use my brain, like all day long, analyzing, analyzing, and I have to have my memory. I have to be sharp. I have to, there's a lot of pressure in here. Right. It's not a regular psychotherapy were normal psychotherapy, there'd be long minutes of silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telehealth doesn't tolerate that very well. We're, we're like this talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, but in therapy. Usually we're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't do that in here. It's like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, everybody's talked. I talked to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I happen to have a really, you know, that kind of personality that it works really well, but it does require I am using a lot of glucose. My brain is going all day long. Go, go, go, go, go. I need to stay sharp. So as much as I don't really feel like exercising. I do see
Gwenevere Abriel: The spiritual importance of making sure this body is taken care of, because it happens to be my my belief right only get this one body, it's not too different than the way you're describing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can see what's going on in my head, spiritually, I can see it. I don't have to get ahead and say, I'm going to enjoy this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just do the next right thing which is I know I need to write my notes. And that's when I do it in the morning and I do it on my little stepper so I do two things at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm exercising I'm helping my brain and I'm staying on task with my career. Of course I need those things. And so I'm doing a lot of things all at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that I just gave you a random example.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: You can pull this is hard. Pull, how your spiritual beliefs can help you get to the community center.
Gwenevere Abriel: With an interview with an inner voice, but with the inner voice sound like in your head.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, so when I get up.
Ateeq Dean: I'm going to put on my shoes.
Ateeq Dean: Go to the bathroom shave your face come out to the kitchen. Make me a nice cup of coffee.
Ateeq Dean: Maybe go outside see outlets out there, keep them warm cold. But notice the weather's getting better. So more like these could be a nice day today. And then what I'll do is I'll go outside and start the car. Little bit.
Ateeq Dean: You know,
Ateeq Dean: call my mom. See how they're doing.
Ateeq Dean: check up on them.
Ateeq Dean: See how they're doing. And then after that I would get in the car and
Ateeq Dean: Drive to the community center and
Ateeq Dean: See if I can drop me got someone for getting a membership to join it, which is free, which is free and just putting putting it
Ateeq Dean: Bending maybe 30 minutes
Ateeq Dean: Right now we're after that starting small
Ateeq Dean: Going up for my
Gwenevere Abriel: Part I didn't hear. I heard how you would get it done. And that's doing one little step in front of the other, not getting way ahead of you. What's the spiritual why
Gwenevere Abriel: Bother. It doesn't feel good. Now that's the inner voice. What does it say when there's going to be a voice that says stay right here. It's comfy in this couch what the boys gonna say
Ateeq Dean: Though the voice in my head says that
Ateeq Dean: I know that I could be doing a lot more than what I'm doing as of right now, like when I sit on the couch and watch TV. My inner voice tells me you can be out there. You can jog, a little bit you know exercise your minds a little bit
Ateeq Dean: And
Ateeq Dean: It tells me that
Ateeq Dean: To do better at it, it's kind of, you know, but no, that's my inner voice telling me like being like that you know to do a little bit better. I don't like where I'm at. Exactly. I do like where I'm at. But I don't health wise, you know, I'll make up 36 I you don't be up there. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think the connection to spirituality is really available to you. It's not in this moment. Or maybe it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's that you can't articulate it
Ateeq Dean: Maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my concern has to do with if you can articulate it here. I wonder if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard. Well, wait, I heard something which had to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara earlier about the gambling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I think you probably had the thought, Oh, I do feel like gambling, but did you for a second. Like you value the relationship. And if you gamble that might affect the relationship that's an inner voice like Oh, she might not like that I might lose our money. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an inner voice that's you talking to you. So now switch out
Gwenevere Abriel: Her with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your belief and faith. You see, if I don't do it if I don't exercise. How is this in support or not and supportive my faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one is in faith, the one where you get up and you take care of this one body, or is it staying on the couch. Which ones more congruent with your faith.
Ateeq Dean: So when I get up and take care of this body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the, that's the inner dialogue that you can't articulate much. I don't even know if it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's long term happiness. That's I'm making the most out of this vessel that I was given. This is the shape and it's a miracle. I have it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will no longer put poisons which sugar is yeah I won't put tobacco. I won't put poison in this precious body that's congruent with the kind of faith that some people have
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's hard to look at our, our hypocrisy is it's really hard for the psyche, to look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just do one at a time. I'm just going to get to the shoes, just see if this propels me all the way to the gym. I'll see if I like it, and maybe you will maybe it'll keep happening keep happening in your say, look at me, I'm in line with my faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it'll happen three times a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that inner voice will get more and more developed
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a hard a hard conversation.
Ateeq Dean: I've never had anybody about this stuff.
Ateeq Dean: Anybody about this type of stuff you know this is stuff that I've got was kept to myself. So it's hard for would even talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, I just assume you're talking to her all the time, or this is kind of, I forget that you didn't grow up kind of being able to have that open
Ateeq Dean: Ended up getting like we didn't really communicate to each other.
I forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're doing great. But, but the thing about about bad that was that shocked me you don't. There's no way for a client to do
Gwenevere Abriel: The therapy bad you guys like you can't go wrong. Anything you say, and you're all just you're the client. I can't do stuff. I can have a misstep and maybe I went the wrong direction or something. But you just do you man.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any medication attached to today. Are you on group to group.
Ateeq Dean: Group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. Alright, so let's pick another time. You and I
Gwenevere Abriel: March.
Who
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay with this timing. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: I like the timing but Kara's she like 10 o'clock, she does, but she says. Lot of times slower deeper
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do. Um, yeah, she wanted. We want to do some couples. That'd be fun. How about the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: That, uh, when Steve.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about march 18 at
Gwenevere Abriel: 10am
Ateeq Dean: Okay, I'll put that it starts at 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that would, that would be great. And I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put her name in here too.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. I'll see you in group. Enjoy your weekend.
Ateeq Dean: Thank you. Good and have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too, buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just writing in something real quick. Don't forget, okay.
Thanks. So
Here's
Gwenevere Abriel: Your condition. So, hmm, you were awfully excited. The last time I met with you. You had things moving and grooving has it continue to move that that fast chosen a different path.
Jen: Um, things are things are
Jen: Moving fine work was, um,
Jen: I'm just waiting.
Jen: To get credentialed in here from her as far as when that starts happening. I just touched base with
Jen: The landlord of my new office yesterday and he's sending the lease agreement in the next week.
Jen: And so, yeah, that's feeling good. I'm every client that I've talked to about it wants to come with me and is happy about that. And yeah, so that's feeling good. I even strangely enough, I had a couple of clients from like two years ago. Reach out this week and want to start again and
Jen: And so yeah, things are going really well with work.
Jen: My show on the other hand is. Oh. Oh my god.
It's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it's amazing.
Jen: It's amazing. Yeah, I feel like
Jen: It's amazing how like when one thing feels better.
Jen: The universe can sometimes like give you some more things to do.
Jen: And so with that, it's just heartbreaking. I think it'll do a little bit about the show that it's about two college age freshman
Jen: At Princeton University. One is black one is white Jewish and it's about sexual assaults and so it's beautiful show, um, where they go back and forth between being in an arbitration room.
Jen: I'm as happens that on so many college campuses. When this happens, where it isn't a court of law. It's basically up to these
Jen: People at a university. And so it's really cool. It goes back and forth between them like being in that situation, and then it goes back to like the scene of the night that they met of the night and question.
Jen: Um, and then what I think is beautiful is that it starts out we like it begins with this this scene of them like meeting the night of the of what happened and kind of like
Jen: Their date and then we end with the same night with the same date, but it has a different energy to it because now we have all of this information. And so it's just really cool, but basically my lead actor. He is 42 years old but is playing an 18 year old because he looks incredibly young
Jen: And he is just phenomenal in the role
Jen: But we've just had some difficulty because like he's in a show right now. So he's in performances in the weekends and then he does rehearsals with us during the week.
Jen: And so he's just booked. And so he was really sick and had to miss a couple rehearsals and then he had a conflict and had to miss a couple rehearsals and then on Tuesday. Two days ago I woke up to a text from him, saying, Jen.
Jen: He has a 21 year old daughter at Ohio State University. And he said, my daughter tried to take her own life last night.
Jen: She's okay they they got her to the hospital and pumped her stomach. But I haven't talked to her. I'll be at rehearsal tonight, but I won't. That'll be on my mind and I was like, No, you're not coming to rehearsals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Jen: Like, I appreciate your professionalism. But no, like, please take care of your family.
Jen: And so basically he's just further behind than the other actor. I talked to him last night. He does not want to drop out. Um, he it was actually interesting talking to him because he was like your therapist.
Jen: I, you know, he was like my daughter's my world. I talked to her four or five times a week. I talked to her on Sunday.
Jen: And honestly, this is out of nowhere for all of us. There was nothing. And he was like, and honestly, like she gets everything she wants.
Jen: Like she has all of her bills paid. She's going to university, she wants to go to. She has a car she all this stuff. And he was like, and this sounds awful. But I am I'm I'm having trouble.
Jen: Finding my sympathy. I am mad at her right now I get it. Okay, wow, and
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what, what's the challenge for you and you said the universe is kind of bringing you something to work with.
Jen: It's interesting because to be honest. At the end of the day it's a fucking community play
Jen: And that's how I feel like I've been doing this for so long that I'm just like, I don't give a shit if we have to push back to show a week. I don't care if like you had to hold the script for the first weekend, like this is your life so much more important.
Jen: And so there's that. And what's nice is that like my my female actor. She is just so so strong so far ahead. She's been off books since day one and hat if she weren't so strong. I would feel more nervous about the show but she's just on it. And so, um,
Jen: I feel I do feel nervous about the show, just because it's less rehearsal than I am used to or that I would like, um, but at the end of the day, I think it's gonna be fine. I think more than anything, um,
It just kills me.
Jen: To see someone who I love going through that I've worked with him before. Um, and I really respect and love him and
Jen: Yeah, that just breaks my heart. I've had. I don't know what's going on, but three of my team three of my team clients have peers who committed suicide here in Albuquerque. In the last two months.
Jen: So part one. It's funny because like my mother's mother killed herself.
Jen: And my husband's mother, his bio mother was married to a woman for 24 years she killed herself.
Jen: And my mother. I don't think necessarily killed herself, but had a lot of habits that we all believe contributed to her heart failure, which ended her life.
Jen: And so
Jen: What's interesting is that I don't find
Jen: The concept of suicide to be as scary or threatening as other people, I think, probably because I've had more direct experience with it. Um,
Jen: And I guess it's so awful for the people that you leave behind because there are always so many questions. And there's just always
Jen: Just this uncertainty of like what could I have done, yada, yada.
Jen: But then also talking with people about it. I think that there's a certain like freedom that we all see in the idea of suicide as far as being like
Jen: Oh god, I have to do this. No, I don't. I just kill myself in like that way of like I could
Jen: I do not want to nor shall lie, but that is an option. We all have open to us. We do.
Jen: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not constrained by I'm assuming hell. Right. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not an option.
Jen: And that's a really good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the downside of of not having right that kind of religious sort of faith piece it together freedom that you have no
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder why that topics coming up right now. I'm wondering why we
Jen: Know, as to why um
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Well, what's interesting, too, is like
Jen: I feel like this show is more triggering than I would have anticipated.
Jen: Because of my relationship to sex and as far as like the cheating that happened in my relationship. A few years ago, and the kind of sex. I was having with men and
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to hear yourself just free associate and see if you land on something valuable to you. You want to just go there, see what
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Jen: I'm
Jen: From the time that I was very young. I found rape scenes to be really
Jen: Sexually like it turned me on. I'm from I remember being like
Jen: Um, when I realized that was first there.
Jen: And
Jen: As I was, as I like open up to my mother about it because what what was really nice about my mom is that she like nothing was ever off the table. Like I could go to her and talk to her about anything. And she would talk to me about anything she
Jen: Even though, like we had this like evangelical church part of my upbringing.
Jen: Within it, my mother was always really careful about like never wanting to shame me for masturbation like never like shaming and also like even
Jen: Like, even though I knew within the church. It was taught not to have sex before marriage, like my mother was, she was just like, whatever, like, you know, go with the flow.
Jen: I think it was much more important to her that I
Jen: Had a good time and that I was in a situation that I wanted to be in. And so
Jen: I was very much
Jen: a late bloomer, like I didn't have my first sexual experience until I was 19
Jen: I didn't have like a full like penis and vagina experience until I was 21 um
Jen: And so then when things started to fall apart in my marriage around 2014 and
Jen: I had a soft deal structure and I lost like 70 pounds in the course of, like, eight months. And so I also had this new body that I saw.
Jen: Getting different reactions. Um, and so then I felt this power in a different way that I hadn't felt before.
Jen: And then I very much sought out because that was another thing is that, like with
Jen: My husband Joshua, he has never been even want he's never wanted to try like rape fantasies even like sexually like aggressive like anything like that may seem really uncomfortable and he doesn't want to be a part of it. And he's always
Jen: Been really weirded out that that was part of what I wanted.
Jen: And so that was hard. And so then when I found it with like strangers. It was really exciting to me because then I was having the sex that I had always wanted to have and I felt really empowered by it and felt really gratified by it.
Jen: And it wasn't until I guess like a year end that I started to look back at some of the experience I was having with these men that I was feeling so empowered by that were really violent and really like. Now I don't want any part of it. I don't know what happened after
Jen: Trump got elected, but everything like really changed for me. Um,
Jen: And I didn't, I just didn't crave that anymore and I craved
Jen: A more like intimate connection which ultimately brought me back to my marriage and really strengthened did, um, I think what's been hard and weird. Is that like
Jen: My libido has dropped completely from where was, um, I would say like age like 34 to 38 was like off the charts. Nothing I had ever experienced in my life before, and now it has dipped to nothing and
Jen: For sure. I don't know if it's just because we've been together so long and he's older but my husband is okay with that we've had.
Jen: A lot of talks about it because I was very much like we need to have a night like at least once a week, we're going to connect. We're going to do this. And he was like, if you want to do that, we can absolutely do that.
Jen: But like, um, if you also just like don't want to have sex right now. I'm fine with that too. We can take it organically. And so that's what we've been doing, which has resulted in us, not having sex. But as far as I know that I am not upset about that and as far as I can tell he's not um
Jen: But the second I was having
Jen: Fox with me sometimes.
Jen: That I
Jen: I don't know that I wanted or needed to go there and have and be treated that way.
Jen: Are you still here.